The Archway Theatre is a Community run Theatre in the heart of Horley. Live music nights take place in the studio, these are special nights hosted by UK Country artist Anna Howie, who brings together the best Songwriters, musicians, artists the UK has to offer. You will find a reasonably priced bar, a great intimate space, a listening audience and a warm welcome.  It's like the Cavern Club but in Horley.

Anna Howie Presents:

The next Anna Howie Presents gig featuring the brilliant Nothing In Rambling and songwriter Mike Walton.

Nothing In Rambling:
Sister Suzie and Andy Twyman take you on a musical journey through Mississippi and Louisiana
performing music by artists such as Memphis Minnie, Blind Boy Fuller and Elmore James. Guided
by a mutual passion for early blues, they evoke the playfulness, power and soul of the music and the people who created it.

2024 saw the release of their highly acclaimed debut album ‘Live at Bush Hall’, which received
airplay on the Cerys Matthews BBC Radio 2 Blues Show. In 2024 they’ve played as Nothing in
Rambling at Red Rooster Festival, Upton Blues festival as well as Glastonbury. They’ve both
enjoyed success as separate artists before working together. Suzie sings and rocks the blues with
her band Sister Suzie and The Right Band. Andy performs a lauded one man band show, blending
blues with comedy, and also plays guitar in Dana Gillespie’s London Blues Band.
Their chemistry brings out the mischief and humour in songs of sexual liberation. Their emotional
connection with the stories of the early blues performers gives soul to the deep blues and gospel
songs they perform. Andy’s nimble and authentic guitar work provides the perfect backdrop for
Suzie’s powerful blues vocals and on-stage charm to shine as they come together in Nothing In Rambling.

“I adore this album, it has touched my soul” - Stephen Harrison, Blues Matters Magazine review of ‘Live at Bush Hall’

“Suzie’s voice is unforced, achieving numerous stylistic changes, while Andy’s guitar is
technically impressive, versatile and consistently delivers flawless accompaniment” - Morgan Hogarth, RnR Magazine

“[Suzie’s] vocals wash over the listener raw, naked and soulful, like the voice of a body in
anguish, looking for the answers to the questions of the soul…Twyman’s virtuosity on guitar
shines…his fingers dancing along the fretboard, creating a wild bluesy atmosphere” - Jack Austin, Blues Blast Magazine (USA)

www.nothinginrambling.com
email: nothinginrambling1@gmail.com
Instagram: www.instagram.com/nothinginrambling1
Facebook: www.facebook.com/nothinginrambling

Mike Wilton:
Mike Wilton is best known as the frontman/songwriter of 'The Standard Lamps'. The Lamps released two albums and went on to support the likes of The Who, The Pretty Things and The Bluetones to mention a few. The Lamps took a break in 2017, but Mike has continued to create with 3 solo albums to his name. Mike's songs can be described as a mixture of Blues and Rock with a British subject matter. Mike's latest album is a collection of acoustic renditions of his songs entitled 'Do It The Easy Way'.
