Don't miss another collaboration with the award winning  Comedy Cottage and Archway Theatre! A new season of shows with amazing line-ups. Circuit legends, safe hands alongside newer exciting acts to watch! 

Headlining 9th Oct is a circuit legend......

STEVE BEST
A great visual comedian, harnessing a mind-boggling array of gadgets and gags to keep his audience in stitches. Funny, frenetic and mad, his act can feature anything from blowing up a woman and eating balloons, to cutting his hand off and doing press-ups on his willy.

His unique form of slapstick comedy is backed up with astounding talent; he plays the guitar like a genius, can juggle 5 balls, ride a uni-cycle and is fluent in Serbo-Croatian.STEVE has performed his unique style of comedy all over the world, and hopes to go even further afield. As well as performing in such places as Bali, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Cape Town, Bosnia, The Falkland Islands, he has played in near enough damn it every comedy club in Britain. He has supported Frank Skinner, Craig Charles and Omid Djalili on huge nationwide tours.
Steve co-produced the show Abnormally Funny People in 2005 (www.abnormallyfunnypeople.com) and is one of two directors of Abnormally Funny People Ltd, set up in 2006, a company and show that were conceived to incorporate disabled comedians and actors into the mainstream arena. Steve is the ‘token’ non-disabled participant.

"His act is a wonderfully daft succession of stupid props and silly pratfalls - a welcome break from straight stand-up" (The Guardian)

"Comparisons with Tommy Cooper are a no-brainer, but Best captures the fervent energy and the utter bonkers hilarity of the late fez-wearing funny man with aplomb, reinventing the bumbling magician act for the twenty first century with the aid of a blow-up sex doll and an Elvis mask" (BBC)

"His clown tricks and three-dimensional personality had us in stitches. Reminiscent of the late Charlie Chaplin, Best successfully pairs modern anagrams and classic slapstick antics."- Cape Times (South Africa)

Steve has many TV credits including, The Stand-Up Show (BBC1), The Big Stage (C5), and more recently twice on The Slammer (CBBC).

Opening the show for us another  safe pair of experienced hands ...

DARIUS DAVIES 
English Comedian of the Year – Finalist.Laughing Horse New Act of the Year – Finalist.Hackney Empire New Act of the Year – Finalist.Reading Comedy Festival New Act of the Year – Runner Up.Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year – Finalist.

Darius is a seasoned performer, first cutting his teeth in 2007 in the comedy clubs of New York city. Success quickly followed as Darius won an MTV New Talent contest, opening the door for Darius to strut his stuff on MTV America. Alas due to “visa irregularities” Darius soon found himself back, and uncelebrated in London.
A distinct voice in a sea of ubiquity – Darius is fearless in his belief in what is funny and forging his own path. This is high energy, captivating stand up comedy fuelled with passion, soul and wit.
Darius is also the host and co-creator of the hit sell-out Edinburgh show, Hate ‘n’ Live along with fellow comedians Justin Panks and Leo Kearse.

"It’s hilarious stuff, supercharged by precision timing and an impassioned, charismatic delivery that’s tempered by an engaging self-effacing streak. A skilled pro." (Chortle)
★★★★★ ‘Brilliant, hilarious, outstanding'(Broadway Baby)
★★★★ 'A knockout sensation!' (Broadway World)
★★★★ 'Bewitches the audience' (The Wee Review)
★★★★ 'A near faultless and original set' (ScotsGay)

ZUZANA SPACIROVA 
Zuzana is a Slavak-Born comedian and actress. She is also a  skilled juggler, a certified yoga instructor, and a failed static trapeze artist
"Spacirova dazzles the audience with undeniable charm, a bubbly personality, and a ridiculous amount of stamina.” ★★★★
(The Wee Review)

ALIAS GRACE 
Finalist Nottingham Talent Live 
Best Performer Nottingham Comedy Festival 

Combining forensic comedy, queer storytelling and tightly written rap, Grace brings the analytical rigour of the courtroom to subjects considerably less deserving of it. 
Expect comedy Rapoetry (Rap combined with Poetry) about missing socks, the real monetary cost of modern dating, Jury service and more delicious delights in this unique format.

An exciting new act subverting the conventions of stand-up as we know it. 

MC SAJEELA KERSHI 
Winner of AWA Arts & Culture Award (2015)Winner Argus Angels Award for Artistic Excellence (2015)Star of Edinburgh Award Winning show (2007)
Comedian/writer/broadcaster - who has performed all over the UK and Internationally.Seen & heard on various BBC Radio, BBC TV, C4, ITV, Comedy Central, Talk TV & much More.‘Smart Funny With a mischievous glint’ (Times)‘Magnetic loveable and extremely witty’ (The Spectator)'Hugely talented, extremely funny, divine diva (Time Out)


*This Month Collecting for The Samaritans*
                    