Rhythm Of Life will be a medley of musical songs suitable for all ages exploring the trials and tribulations of life. Growing up, love, loss, dreams, struggles, mistakes and memories. We want this production to have a real team feel incorporating some of our youngest members up to our oldest.
Songs will be split amongst the cast but not necessarily in the ways you’d expect and many songs will be ensemble pieces so everyone will be kept busy.

Auditions for the age groups will overlap for an hour so that we can see all ages working together- come ready to learn some beautiful harmonies to the group song we will use for the audition which is from Rent- the track title is ‘Finale B’

We have chosen a selection of songs for the audition for each age group. You can choose to learn any of these. Backing tracks will be provided.

9–15 year-olds
Sing your own song - Dear Edwina
If only you would listen - School of Rock
Electricity - Billy Elliot

16–25 year-olds
Little Miss Perfect - Write Out Loud
You will be found - Dear Evan Hansen
Helpless - Hamilton
Purpose - Avenue Q
I say no - the Heathers

25 plus
This is the moment - Jekyll and Hyde
Purpose - Avenue Q
Slipping through my fingers - Mamma Mia
Tell me it’s not true - Blood Brothers
Just around the corner - Addams family
I say no - The Heathers
Take a letter Miss Jones - Blood Brothers

These songs may not be used in the production but should be enough variety so that anyone wishing to audition can find one to suit their voice/style
Don’t come expecting to sing the entire song on your own, we will break it down into chunks to hear solo voices. If singing isn’t your main strength but you’d love to be involved- don’t rule this production out. There will be plenty of scope for group numbers- not everyone will be singing solos!
We would love a cast made up of Archway members old and new and spanning the generations. With this being our absolute dream production we weren’t about to miss out on the fun so we will be joining the cast as well as directing this ensemble production! We have the harmony queen Maddy on board so now we just need our cast.

Performance dates
Tuesday 20th August - Saturday 24th August (matinee and eve)
Wednesday 28th August - Saturday 31st August (no matinee)

We will endeavour not to rehearse more than a couple of times the week prior to this production as we know what a huge impact this has on our singing voices so be prepared to put the hard work in early so that we can take our foot off the accelerator a little and rest our voices in the final weeks.