The Archway Theatre is a Community run Theatre in the heart of Horley. Live music nights take place in the studio, these are special nights hosted by UK Country artist Anna Howie, who brings together the best Songwriters, musicians, artists the UK has to offer. You will find a reasonably priced bar, a great intimate space, a listening audience and a warm welcome.  It's like the Cavern Club but in Horley.

Anna Howie Presents:

• Craig Gould and The Noble Theives
With his ‘Beautiful music & masterful musicianship’ (Americana UK) and ‘Intimate, mellifluous country sounds’ (RnR Magazine), Craig Gould’s celebrated talent has received comparisons with songwriting royalty such as Cat Stevens, Leonard Cohen, Bob Dylan & Fleetwood Mac.

Debut album ‘Songs from the Campfire’ released to critical acclaim achieving top 20 positioning in the UK’s Official Americana (#19), Folk (#16) and Indie Breakers (#20) album charts; Further reinforcing his growing reputation as one of the hottest new artists on the Independent music scene. The record, listed amongst the ‘Best Albums of 2023’ by respected music publications At The Barrier, Music News Monthly & BluesBlues, documents Gould’s journey through severe mental illness; A path that saw him donate the records profits in partnership with the mental health charity CALM.

With sell-out shows on two national tours, appearances at The Long Road and Ynot Festivals, and BBC Radio support from all corners of the UK, Gould’s ability to connect audiences through story and song is deservedly coming to the fore. 

Invited by the AMA-UK to perform during London’s prestigious Americana Music Week, endorsed by Tanglewood Guitars & award nominated by the BCMA; Momentum from Gould’s breakthrough year shows no signs of slowing anytime soon.
‘Make a note of the name’ - folking.com

• Kate Ellis
Born in Louisiana, Kate Ellis uses melancholy Folk/Americana to conduct fearless soul-searching. The Observer described hauntingly beautiful songs, Americana UK gave her most recent album Spirals 9/10, calling it “An irrefutable, unquestionable joy”, while Folk Radio UK noted it was "Beguilingly sung, melodic, warm, tender, open and insightful in its vortex of emotions."

SOME OTHER PRESS
"Wryly reflective, sweetly melodic, touchingly compassionate, warm-hearted."  MAVERICK ★★★★

"With her delicate, melodic music with the ring of truth to her words - and that most elusive quality, soul."
R2 MAGAZINE ★★★★

“Kate Ellis put down her law degree to pick up a guitar – thank God she did!” BBC RADIO ULSTER
