Comedy Cottage once again collaborates with the wonderful Archway Theatre to bring you another top night of comedy. Our usual brand of Award winning international stars of TV and stage alongside rising stars you can say you saw on your doorstep first. 

Book early as this will be the last show for the season. We will return to the Archway 4th September and to the Redhill Belfry 25th September 

Headlining for our last show this season! A superstar of an all round act! Some of you may remember seeing him first in our early days of the Comedy Cottage 20 odd years ago. He has gone on to International critical acclaim and is a much in demand act. We feel very lucky to have him......The wonderful inimitable....

CHRISTIAN LEE - @christianleemagic

Christian Lee is an award-winning headline comedian, actor, and magician, best known as a finalist on Britain’s Got Talent, with over 500 million YouTube views worldwide.

He won The Slammer (BBC One) and quickly became a standout family entertainer.
Christian has starred in major productions at sell-out venues across the UK and Ireland including The Lowry, Nottingham Royal concert hall and West End theatres such as the Dominion and Adelphi theatre.

An Associate of the inner Magic Circle with Silver Star, he tours internationally and currently headlines his 3rd season of Cirque: The Greatest Show and An Evening of Burlesque Cabaret, plus playing comic lead in Pantos such as Lincoln New Theatre Royal, Beauty and the Beast 2022 and also Sleeping Beauty in Dartford Orchard Theatre 2025 with his high-energy, laugh-out-loud comedy magic and mime.

Show venues include comedy clubs, theatres, corporate venues, and he even managed a refurbished bar in a West End old public toilet.

Britain's Got Talent judges’ comments: 

 “I had the best view of everybody at the trick, and you’re a great magician” (David Walliams)

“You entertained us so brilliantly well” (Alesha Dixon)

“You know how to work the audience” (Amanda Holden)

 “I think you’re funny’ (well that’s pretty good for Simon Cowell)



Opening the show for us will be one of the best joke writers in the UK.....

CRAIG DEELEY - @craiguito 

Finalist Channel 4's So You Think You're Funny (2004)
Finalist J20 Last Laugh Competition (2004)
Finalist UK Stand-up Comedian of the Year Award (2022)

Craig Deeley is a Birmingham-based stand-up who has crafted his art form over the last ten years. Craig’s repertoire is one of anecdotal observational comedy, combining humble self-mockery and tapping into the ridiculousness of modern life and everyday occurrences that we all recognise. Craig works throughout the UK and has toured extensively on the national comedy circuit including regular comedy festival appearances. He has fulfilled several broadcast media engagements and is also an experienced stage actor and improvisation performer.

Craig has supported ITV's The Chase, Paul Sinha on his stand-up tour 2019-2020. A well respected and prolific joke writer, Craig has a huge fan following on Twitter/X where he is loved by all for his sharp gags. 

Craig has been performing stand-up all over the UK (and beyond) since 2004, when he reached the finals of Channel 4's So You Think You're Funny competition. In 2022 he was a finalist in the UK Stand-up Comedian of the Year competition.
Expect one-liners, self-deprecation, and a bit of camp thrown in for good measure.

"Craig Deeley makes me laugh, on and off Twitter, which is rare" (Sarah Millican)

"Charming Brummie with a nice take on life" (Gay Times)

"A cuddly version of Jimmy Carr" (Diss Corn Hall)

"His set was over far too quickly" (BBC)

Plus, our newer supporting acts...


C.K. NATH - (@ck_standupcomedy)

Winner Leicester Comedy Festival 'Comedy Slam'. 
Finalist West End New Old Act (2023)
Semi-Finalist So You Think You're Funny (2023)
Semi-Finalist Komedia New Comedy Award

CK Nath is a high energy Indian standup comedian. Her comedy is influenced by her experiences growing up in India and as an immigrant here in the UK - mocking and celebrating both cultures with equal gusto. She is a Soho Theatre Alumni. 

"CK’s energy kept the audience hooked from the start, with clever prop work that punched up the jokes" - (The Comedy Rooms)
"Humbling British audiences with her off-beat magnetism" (People's Comedy)

HOLLY HUDSON - @holhuds

Holly is an American comedian living in London, Paris, Los Angeles, and her native, Yellow Springs, Ohio. A true digital nomad, possibly homeless, she came to comedy in mid-life, starting on the London circuit, after her son grew up and left the nest. Holly has performed in comedy clubs all over Europe and the Midwest. She has gained a loyal following of over 100,000 across Instagram and TikTok and over 15 million views for her numerous viral comedy sketches about the idiosyncrasies of Americans versus the British.Mc SAJEELA KERSHI - @sajeelakershi 

Winner AWA Awards (2015)Winner Argos Angel Award for artistic excellence (2015)
Star of Edinburgh Fringe Main Award Winning show 
Comedian/Writer/Broadcaster who has performed all over the UK and internationally with several critically acclaimed shows.

'Smart, funny with a mischievous glint' (Times)
'Hugely talented, extremely funny divine diva' (Time Out)


This month we will be collecting for Alzheimer’s Research UK
                    